oh
here we are i bet this brings back some
fond memories huh
last time i was here i was getting
wheeled out on a stretcher
[Music]
not that memory throughout history
humans have had a primal instinct to
compete to dominate
and through these battles an unexpected
camaraderie was born
this is a story about my group of
friends
all right boys here we go the buddy
games are back
we're gonna play for a 150 000 bucks
we'll play your high-stakes [ __ ]
but i was not easy to scrape up i gave
obama a hand job for 30 dollars
i'm giving you the early bird special
oh expand on that no i'm not going to do
you want to smell my hand
no no probably not kicking off this
year's event get a girl to buy you a
drink got it easy enough you can do that
without [ __ ] your pants first
relaxing this
man oh hey can you buy me a drink
i live in my van what no i'll try your
box for a week
you like vodka yeah two wet ones
[Music]
is it injured because it doesn't feel
good
[Music]
[Applause]
he sensed his fear
that was intense
goddamn dude
[Applause]
[Music]